# Meeting Note for 05/12/2021
### Type of Meeting: sprint1 check
### Attendance: No absence
### time: 4:00pm-4:30pm(Pacific)
### Agenda
- Review on sprint 1
### Decisions Made
- Everyone reports their progress.
  - backend: needs to fix daily + month CRUD
  - QE: done most things but still need to wrap up
  - frontend: most done
- Review Pull Requests
- QE need to make review necessary before merge.
- Meet with subteams and create 1:20 max video demoing work by Sunday.
- Rename branches to issues name even if it has been merged.
- Any ADRs/documentation for the subteam.