# Meeting Note for 05/24/2021
### Type of Meeting: sprint 2 check
### Attendance: No absence
### time: 5:00pm-5:30pm(Pacific)
### Agenda
- first check for sprint 2.
- reassign peopel to CSS and testing.
### Decisions Made
- Login done (Lars)
- monthlies bullets (Ryan)
  - calendar page needs to be styled.
- Nav Bar mostly done (Lars)
  - want to support different style, needs effort.
- daily mostly done (Ethan, Cameron, Ivy, Zhongqian)
  - nesting bullets in progress (mostly done, just need to add in text).
- migration needs effort (Brandon, Banglun)
- CI/CD pipeline phase 2 needs fix on JSDocs (Brandon, Banglun).
- update hify after everything settled (Ivy).
- Global CSS document (Ivy)
  - Keep all the coloring in the global CSS document.
  - copy paste current work into one single document.
- Testing
  - Four people on testing
  - Ethan + Ryan stick to FE/BE (migration)
  - Lars + Ivy on CSS
  - Zhongqian, Banglun, Cameron, and Brandon on testing.
    - testing starts from now
    - unit test on routes (documented in the documentation), best done by next couple days.
    - login work should be merged today, daily potentially today, so they will also be tested.