# Meeting Note for 05/28/2021
### Type of Meeting: sprint 2 review
### Attendance: Brandon is absent
### time: 4:00pm-4:30pm(Pacific)
### Agenda
- Review progress and achievements of sprint 2.
### Dicisions Made
- Frontend
  - Needs effort for migration. (Ryan + Ethan + ?Lars)
  - Continue on the CSS styling. (Ivy)
  - custom user select plan.
- QE (testing)
  - Finished testings on user, session, and dailies, but still need to work on testings on bullets + monthlies. (Brandon and Banglun need to finish up)
  - Start testings on pages (E2E). (Zhongqian + Cameron)
  - pipeline is broken and it needs fix.
- Make an ADR for separate styling documents and iframes.