# Meeting Note for 06/04/2021
### Type of Meeting: sprint 3 review
### Attendance: Banglun is absent
### time: 4:00pm-4:30pm(Pacific)
### Agenda
- Review progress and achievements of sprint 3.
### Dicisions Made
- QE
  - Have not completed assigned works this week, so need to continue in next week.
  - Needs better communication so that others know the progress and potentially provide some help
  - Banglun for future log, Cameron for daily, Brandon for monthly, Zhongqian for login + nav bar + migration?
- Team Video
  - The time for meeting will be next Wednesday at 5pm to make the team video.
  - write down what you would like to say for your contribution on Wednesday's meeting before the meeting.
  - Brandon cannot make the meeting, so he will prerecord his part.
  - Planning out other sections for the video in this google doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bz2-6ZBcjoQ-VElYsYcc3DDh-DrkAV8fMlcUslifV5k/edit?pli=1