# Meeting Note for 06/09/2021
### Type of Meeting: Video make
### Attendance: Brandon is absent
### time: 5:30pm-8:00pm(Pacific)
### Agenda
- Make the group video
- Talk about last minute actions
### Dicisions Made
- Ethan optimizes the public video: redo monthly to daily, lower the sound of the bgm, add one minute about challenges and advices.
- Make a slide for the private video https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1kM75pHK6rCCBlkuLrENSGIw5dEmFpjlaoyVGQbR5LL8/edit#slide=id.p
- Need to do: the repo tour process + pipeline process(Brandon).
- ok in regards to final documentation we want to:
Move team page to wiki and update team role - Cameron
Host jsdocs documentation on github pages or some other way (and reactivate jsdocs pipeline) - Ryan
write something about the symbolism behind our branding - Ivy
update README in the repo to have more useful information (hosted heroku site), etc - Lars
lighthouse docs - Zhongqian